docs: updated logs panel visualization (#90352)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/visualizations/logs/index.md

- **Wrap lines -** Toggle line wrapping.
- **Prettify JSON -** Set this to `true` to pretty print all JSON logs. This setting does not affect logs in any format other than JSON.
- **Enable log details -** Toggle option to see the log details view for each log row. The default setting is true.

> - **Deduplication -** Hides log messages that are duplicates of others shown according to criteria such as: Exact (ignoring ISO datetimes), Numerical (ignoring those that only differ by numbers such as IPs or latencies), or Signatures (removing successive lines with identical punctutaion and white space).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Deduplication -** Hides log messages that are duplicates of others shown according to your selected criteria. Choose from: **Exact** (ignoring ISO datetimes), **Numerical** (ignoring only those that differ by numbers such as IPs or latencies), or **Signatures** (removing successive lines with identical punctuation and white space).
```
